HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER >>> ANOTHER ATTEMPT BY SOME TO
>>> ANOTHER ATTEMPT BY SOME TO MOCK DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN
MOCK DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ HAS
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ HAS APPEARED TO BACKFIRE ONCE AGAIN.
APPEARED TO BACKFIRE ONCE AGAIN. MULTIPLE SOCIAL MEDIA USERS ON
MULTIPLE SOCIAL MEDIA USERS ON THE RIGHT SHARED A YEAR’S OLD
THE RIGHT SHARED A YEAR’S OLD VIDEO OF HER AT BOSTON
VIDEO OF HER AT BOSTON UNIVERSITY WITH OTHER STUDENTS
UNIVERSITY WITH OTHER STUDENTS RECREATING DANCES FROM JOHN
RECREATING DANCES FROM JOHN HUGHES MOVIES.
HUGHES MOVIES. WITH OCASIO-CORTEZ TAKING A PART
WITH OCASIO-CORTEZ TAKING A PART IN THE BREAKFAST CLUB, THEY
IN THE BREAKFAST CLUB, THEY WRONGLY STATED SHE WAS IN HIGH
WRONGLY STATED SHE WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL, AND INSTEAD OF
SCHOOL, AND INSTEAD OF EMBARRASSING HER, THE VIDEO WENT
EMBARRASSING HER, THE VIDEO WENT VIRAL, THE PEOPLE PUTTING THE
VIRAL, THE PEOPLE PUTTING THE DANCE MOVES TO OTHER SONGS.
DANCE MOVES TO OTHER SONGS. IT’S NOT JUST THIS, CONSERVATIVE
IT’S NOT JUST THIS, CONSERVATIVE NEWS SITES FINDS DOZENS OF
NEWS SITES FINDS DOZENS OF ARTICLES CRITICIZING THE
ARTICLES CRITICIZING THE 29-YEAR-OLD DEMOCRATIC
29-YEAR-OLD DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST, WHETHER IT WAS FOR
SOCIALIST, WHETHER IT WAS FOR BORROWING A $3,000 OUTFIT FOR A
BORROWING A $3,000 OUTFIT FOR A PHOTO SHOOT OR THE INCOME LEVEL
PHOTO SHOOT OR THE INCOME LEVEL AND PROPERTY VALUES IN THE TOWN
AND PROPERTY VALUES IN THE TOWN SHE GREW UP IN WHILE WRONGLY
SHE GREW UP IN WHILE WRONGLY CLAIMING SHE WENT TO AN IVY
CLAIMING SHE WENT TO AN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOL INSTEAD OF THE
LEAGUE SCHOOL INSTEAD OF THE PUBLIC UNIVERSITY SHE ATTENDED
PUBLIC UNIVERSITY SHE ATTENDED OR ATTACKING HER FOR SAYING SHE
OR ATTACKING HER FOR SAYING SHE WAS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING
WAS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING APPROVED FOR A D.C. APARTMENT
APPROVED FOR A D.C. APARTMENT WHILE UNEMPLOYED.
WHILE UNEMPLOYED. AOC, AS SHE IS SOMETIMES CALLED,
AOC, AS SHE IS SOMETIMES CALLED, TWEETED IN NOVEMBER THAT
TWEETED IN NOVEMBER THAT REPUBLICANS SHOULD LISTEN TO HER
REPUBLICANS SHOULD LISTEN TO HER ARGUMENTS INSTEAD OF DROOLING
ARGUMENTS INSTEAD OF DROOLING OVER EVERY MINUTE OF FOOTAGE OF
OVER EVERY MINUTE OF FOOTAGE OF ME IN SLOW MO, A COMMENT WHICH
ME IN SLOW MO, A COMMENT WHICH BREITBART TURNED INTO A
BREITBART TURNED INTO A HEADLINE.
HEADLINE. WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS?
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS? I’M OF TWO MINDS OF IT, BUT IT
I’M OF TWO MINDS OF IT, BUT IT IS A GREAT EXAMPLE OF HOW THE
IS A GREAT EXAMPLE OF HOW THE RIGHT SOMETIMES CAN FOCUS ON
RIGHT SOMETIMES CAN FOCUS ON SOMEONE ON THE LEFT AND OVERSTEP
SOMEONE ON THE LEFT AND OVERSTEP TO A POINT WHERE IT GETS UGLY,
TO A POINT WHERE IT GETS UGLY, UNDERMINING QUITE FRANKLY
UNDERMINING QUITE FRANKLY DOESN’T HELP EITHER SIDE.
DOESN’T HELP EITHER SIDE. >> WELL, IT’S FASCINATING
>> WELL, IT’S FASCINATING BECAUSE SHE’S GOTTEN ATTENTION
BECAUSE SHE’S GOTTEN ATTENTION BOTH FROM DEMOCRATS AND
BOTH FROM DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS AND HAS REALLY
REPUBLICANS AND HAS REALLY CAPTURED THE PUBLIC IMAGINATION
CAPTURED THE PUBLIC IMAGINATION WITH HER YOUTH, WITH HER
WITH HER YOUTH, WITH HER OUTSPOKENNESS.
OUTSPOKENNESS. I THINK THAT FROM THE POINT OF
I THINK THAT FROM THE POINT OF VIEW OF THE RIGHT, THEY HAVE
VIEW OF THE RIGHT, THEY HAVE KIND OF RUNG THE LAST POLITICAL
KIND OF RUNG THE LAST POLITICAL BENEFIT THEY CAN GET PROBABLY
BENEFIT THEY CAN GET PROBABLY OUT OF NANCY PELOSI.
OUT OF NANCY PELOSI. IT WAS GETTING A LITTLE STALE TO
IT WAS GETTING A LITTLE STALE TO BE RUNNING AGAINST HER.
BE RUNNING AGAINST HER. YOU’RE NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO
YOU’RE NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO RUN AGAINST HER IN 2020 BECAUSE
RUN AGAINST HER IN 2020 BECAUSE THERE’S GOING TO BE A DEMOCRATIC
THERE’S GOING TO BE A DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE, SO I THINK TO SOME
NOMINEE, SO I THINK TO SOME EXTENT, REPUBLICANS ARE LOOKING
EXTENT, REPUBLICANS ARE LOOKING FOR THE NEW PELOSI, THE NEW SORT
FOR THE NEW PELOSI, THE NEW SORT OF, YOU KNOW, INSTEAD OF SAN
OF, YOU KNOW, INSTEAD OF SAN FRANCISCO LIBERAL, YOU CAN GET
FRANCISCO LIBERAL, YOU CAN GET NEW YORK SOCIALIST, WHATEVER
NEW YORK SOCIALIST, WHATEVER THEY WANT TO TURN HER INTO, AND
THEY WANT TO TURN HER INTO, AND BE ABLE TO SORT OF USE HER AS
BE ABLE TO SORT OF USE HER AS THE NEW WHIPPING PERSON, IF YOU
THE NEW WHIPPING PERSON, IF YOU WILL, TO EXPLAIN HOW CRAZY
WILL, TO EXPLAIN HOW CRAZY DANGEROUS DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO
DANGEROUS DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO BE.
BE. I THINK IT’S REALLY, THAT’S BEEN
I THINK IT’S REALLY, THAT’S BEEN OBVIOUSLY THE INSTINCT.
OBVIOUSLY THE INSTINCT. IT’S OBVIOUSLY, IF IT HASN’T
IT’S OBVIOUSLY, IF IT HASN’T WORKED FOR THEM IN THE PAST, AT
WORKED FOR THEM IN THE PAST, AT LEAST IT’S HELPED WITH
LEAST IT’S HELPED WITH FUNDRAISING AND THINGS LIKE
FUNDRAISING AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
THAT. I THINK IT’S REALLY IMPORTANT
I THINK IT’S REALLY IMPORTANT AND LOOK, JUMPING ON THAT VIDEO
AND LOOK, JUMPING ON THAT VIDEO WAS RIDICULOUS.
WAS RIDICULOUS. I WISH I HAD BEEN ABLE TO DANCE
I WISH I HAD BEEN ABLE TO DANCE ON ROOFTOPS LIKE THAT IN
ON ROOFTOPS LIKE THAT IN COLLEGE, BUT IT’S REALLY
COLLEGE, BUT IT’S REALLY IMPORTANT FOR HER AND FOR
IMPORTANT FOR HER AND FOR OTHERS.
OTHERS. WE HAD THAT REALLY UNFORTUNATE
WE HAD THAT REALLY UNFORTUNATE MOTHER VIDEO EARLIER, JUST NOT
MOTHER VIDEO EARLIER, JUST NOT TO DO ANYTHING THAT GIVES
TO DO ANYTHING THAT GIVES REPUBLICANS AND THE RIGHT ANY
REPUBLICANS AND THE RIGHT ANY AMMUNITION TO USE AGAINST THEM.
AMMUNITION TO USE AGAINST THEM. >> DON’T GIVE THEM THE
>> DON’T GIVE THEM THE AMMUNITION.
AMMUNITION. MIKE BARNICLE.
MIKE BARNICLE. >> BE CAREFUL.
>> BE CAREFUL. >> YOU KNOW, THIS IS KIND OF AN
>> YOU KNOW, THIS IS KIND OF AN AGE OLD THING, THE THING ABOUT
AGE OLD THING, THE THING ABOUT AOC.
AOC. WE HAVE SEEN IT PLAY OUT A
WE HAVE SEEN IT PLAY OUT A MILLION TIMES, AND IT’S NOT JUST
MILLION TIMES, AND IT’S NOT JUST NOW CONSERVATIVES OR RIGHT WING
NOW CONSERVATIVES OR RIGHT WING STUFF OR BREITBART, IT’S
STUFF OR BREITBART, IT’S CONSERVATIVE DEMOCRATS AND IT
CONSERVATIVE DEMOCRATS AND IT SEEMS TO ME IT’S THE AGE OLD
SEEMS TO ME IT’S THE AGE OLD RECIPE OF WHAT HAPPENS WHEN FEAR
RECIPE OF WHAT HAPPENS WHEN FEAR MARRIES ENVY, WHICH IS WHAT YOU
MARRIES ENVY, WHICH IS WHAT YOU GET, AN ATTACK ON A WOMAN LIKE
GET, AN ATTACK ON A WOMAN LIKE THIS.
THIS. >> I GUESS THAT’S WHAT IT IS,
>> I GUESS THAT’S WHAT IT IS, MIKE.
MIKE. I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO UNDERSTAND
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO UNDERSTAND IT.
IT. I MEAN, THEY HAVE ELEVATED THE
I MEAN, THEY HAVE ELEVATED THE RIGHT.
RIGHT. >> SHE’S A STAR.
>> SHE’S A STAR. >> REALLY THE RIGHT HAS ELEVATED
>> REALLY THE RIGHT HAS ELEVATED HER TO THE POINT WHERE WE NOW
HER TO THE POINT WHERE WE NOW CALL HER AOC, RIGHT, AND SHE HAS
CALL HER AOC, RIGHT, AND SHE HAS THESE INITIALS, THE SHORTENED
THESE INITIALS, THE SHORTENED INITIALS NAME WHICH YOU DON’T
INITIALS NAME WHICH YOU DON’T GET UNLESS YOU’RE REALLY A MAJOR
GET UNLESS YOU’RE REALLY A MAJOR FIGURE AND SO SHE’S BECOME A
FIGURE AND SO SHE’S BECOME A MAJOR FIGURE IN OUR POLITICS FOR
MAJOR FIGURE IN OUR POLITICS FOR THE RIGHT.
THE RIGHT. BUT SHE’S A FRESHMAN
BUT SHE’S A FRESHMAN CONGRESSWOMAN WHO HAS ZERO POWER
CONGRESSWOMAN WHO HAS ZERO POWER RIGHT NOW, EXCEPT AS SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW, EXCEPT AS SOMETHING OF A SPOKESMAN FOR THE, I GUESS,
OF A SPOKESMAN FOR THE, I GUESS, FOR THE FRESHMAN CLASS, OR PART
FOR THE FRESHMAN CLASS, OR PART OF THE FRESHMAN CLASS FOR THIS
OF THE FRESHMAN CLASS FOR THIS NEW SORT OF WAVE OF ACTIVISTS
NEW SORT OF WAVE OF ACTIVISTS WHO HAVE COME INTO THE
WHO HAVE COME INTO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, BUT THEY’RE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY, BUT THEY’RE ALL OVER THE MAP.
ALL OVER THE MAP. THEY’RE NOT ALL DEMOCRATIC
THEY’RE NOT ALL DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISTS.
SOCIALISTS. SHE JUST HAS A LOT OF SPARKLE.
SHE JUST HAS A LOT OF SPARKLE. SHE HAS A LOT OF THAT POLITICAL
SHE HAS A LOT OF THAT POLITICAL X FACTOR THAT MAKES PEOPLE PAY
X FACTOR THAT MAKES PEOPLE PAY ATTENTION, AND THE RIGHT JUST
ATTENTION, AND THE RIGHT JUST SEEMS TO HAVE ALMOST LOST ITS
SEEMS TO HAVE ALMOST LOST ITS MIND ABOUT HER.
MIND ABOUT HER. >> I WOULD PUSH BACK A LITTLE
>> I WOULD PUSH BACK A LITTLE BIT ON THAT TO SAY THAT THE
BIT ON THAT TO SAY THAT THE RIGHT DIDN’T CREATE ALEXANDRIA
RIGHT DIDN’T CREATE ALEXANDRIA OCASIO CORTEZ.
OCASIO CORTEZ. SHE DEFEATED THE FOURTH RANKING
SHE DEFEATED THE FOURTH RANKING HOUSE DEMOCRAT AND BECAME A
HOUSE DEMOCRAT AND BECAME A FIXTURE OVERNIGHT.
FIXTURE OVERNIGHT. SHE APPEARED ON MANY PROGRAMS,
SHE APPEARED ON MANY PROGRAMS, AND IT WASN’T THE RIGHT THAT
AND IT WASN’T THE RIGHT THAT MADE HER THE PHENOMENON.
MADE HER THE PHENOMENON. THEY RESPONDED TO THAT.
THEY RESPONDED TO THAT. I AGREE WE SHOULD LISTEN TO WHAT
I AGREE WE SHOULD LISTEN TO WHAT ALEXANDRIA OCASIO CORTEZ SAYS
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO CORTEZ SAYS AND NOT WHAT SHE WEARS OR WHAT
AND NOT WHAT SHE WEARS OR WHAT SHE SAID IN HIGH SCHOOL.
SHE SAID IN HIGH SCHOOL. SHE SAYS WE SHOULD EXPROPUATE, A
SHE SAYS WE SHOULD EXPROPUATE, A PROPOSITION OFFERED BY FREDERICK
PROPOSITION OFFERED BY FREDERICK ENGELS IN THE 19th CENTURY.
ENGELS IN THE 19th CENTURY. SHE SAYS WE CAN INVOKE THE NEW
SHE SAYS WE CAN INVOKE THE NEW DEAL EVERY TIME TO PAY FOR
DEAL EVERY TIME TO PAY FOR PROGRAMS UPWARDS OF $2 TRILLION
PROGRAMS UPWARDS OF $2 TRILLION AND THE FED WILL LEND CREDIT TO
AND THE FED WILL LEND CREDIT TO THAT EFFECT.
THAT EFFECT. WHAT SHE SAYS IS QUITE ENOUGH TO
WHAT SHE SAYS IS QUITE ENOUGH TO DISCREDIT WHAT I BELIEVE ARE
DISCREDIT WHAT I BELIEVE ARE IDEAS THAT ARE OF POORLY FOUNDED
IDEAS THAT ARE OF POORLY FOUNDED AND WE CAN LEAVE WHAT SHE WEARS
AND WE CAN LEAVE WHAT SHE WEARS IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS.
IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS. >> HE BRINGS UP A GOOD POINT.
>> HE BRINGS UP A GOOD POINT. IT’S A LESSON, JOE TOUCHED ON
IT’S A LESSON, JOE TOUCHED ON THIS EARLIER.
THIS EARLIER. WE’RE GOING TO ELECT A PRESIDENT
WE’RE GOING TO ELECT A PRESIDENT THAT’S GOING TO HAVE FOOTAGE
THAT’S GOING TO HAVE FOOTAGE DOING A LOT WORSE THAN THAT.
DOING A LOT WORSE THAN THAT. TODAY’S GENERATION, IT’S BUILT
TODAY’S GENERATION, IT’S BUILT INTO THAT.
INTO THAT. AND YOU KNOW, FOR THEM TO NOT
AND YOU KNOW, FOR THEM TO NOT UNDERSTAND, IT’S ONE THING IF
UNDERSTAND, IT’S ONE THING IF YOU’RE CURSING OUT THAT, OH, A
YOU’RE CURSING OUT THAT, OH, A GIRL DANCING IN COLLEGE IS A
GIRL DANCING IN COLLEGE IS A PROBLEM, THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE
PROBLEM, THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE FIGURE OUT THIS IS A WORLD
FIGURE OUT THIS IS A WORLD THAT’S GROWN UP WITH THIS THING,
THAT’S GROWN UP WITH THIS THING, AND EVERY SINGLE HUMAN BEING IS
AND EVERY SINGLE HUMAN BEING IS GOING TO HAVE A HISTORY OF STUFF
GOING TO HAVE A HISTORY OF STUFF THAT IS WHAT IT IS.
THAT IS WHAT IT IS. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. WELL, RUTH MARCUS, EUGENE
WELL, RUTH MARCUS, EUGENE ROBINSON, THANK YOU BOTH FOR
ROBINSON, THANK YOU BOTH FOR BEING ON THIS MORNING.
BEING ON THIS MORNING. UP NEXT, THE NEW COVER STORY OF
UP NEXT, THE NEW COVER STORY OF THE ECONOMIST IS LOOKING AT
THE ECONOMIST IS LOOKING AT SEASON TWO OF THE TRUMP SHOW AS
SEASON TWO OF THE TRUMP SHOW AS THE PRESIDENT BEGINS TO FACE THE
THE PRESIDENT BEGINS TO FACE THE CONSEQUENCES OF HIS OWN POLICIES